Duncan iced radio take one Duncan iced coffee is
Sorry one more time
Duncan iced
Kelly we're trying to record a timely summer focused radio spot for Duncan iced can you stop with the shaking?
But like this is the sound a Duncan ice makes maybe you should keep it in well
Yeah, that's actually a pretty good idea
Try all the Duncan refreshers iced coffees cold brews and lattes Duncan iced America runs on Duncan
Today we return to the city of Malta to take a trip underneath its tunnels to explore more of the mysteries that lie beneath that city
I think and then we learn about one of the most disgusting urban legends
That I've come across
Does the country of Spain really have a problem with people eating other people's fat?
To down dead rubber radio
I
Hey everyone welcome back to another episode of dead rabbit radio. I'm your host Jason Carpenter
I'm having a great day. Hope you're having a great day, too
Yes, I did say eating other people's fat in the intro and doing other stuff with human fat
It's just gonna be a fat
Stuck episode pretty gross stuff. We're gonna be getting to that in a moment, but first off
Let us go to Malta now
I'm gonna put a big asterisk next to the story because I'm pretty sure I covered this before
This is one of the perils of doing a daily show
I don't remember and I've tried all of my tricks to see if I've recorded this episode before you're like Jason
What tricks just simple memorization?
No, generally if you go to the website if you go to dead rabbit calm and go to the podcast page
You'll see every episode I've ever recorded you can listen to online and you can even use the cert
This isn't like a built-in pitch. This is what I do
You can use the search tab and this is why it's so important for me to put show notes because I'll type in Malta or all
Type in tunnels or I'll type in Russian or whatever it is and it'll pull up every episode that
Those words are in the show notes. So it's a really good resource for me
And you can actually use it too if you're like what was that episode where he was talking about Larry David type in Larry David
It'll pop up in the show notes. So all of that being said, I'm pretty sure I covered this before
But I think I might have just read about it and never covered it. I don't know. It's totally messing with my head a conspiracy
Maybe don't don't don't I should actually get a sound effect now. I like doing the noise instead
Don't don't don't a conspiracy. Let's go ahead and though. Let's hop in the Jason Jalopy
We're driving to Malta now
I'm gonna be honest with you guys and I don't think this will shock a single one of you. I'm not for sure where Malta is
But oh, I know it's somewhere
So you have the Middle East and then you have Europe and then there's that stuff in the middle
I eat Italy Italy is technically part of Europe, but not really and so you have Italy and then I think Malta's somewhere around there
I don't think it's in Italy
Most likely an island if the Middle East is the Middle East and Europe is Europe. What's Greece and Italy?
Mediterranean oh
There we go Mediterranean
Let's hop in the Jason Jalopy. We're going to the Mediterranean country
known as Malta in
Malta there is a place called the how
South Fellini
Hypogium hypogium is a fancy word for tunnel or underground structure. So just call it tunnel
Everyone knows what a tunnel is not everyone knows what a hypogium is
There's three levels of caves underneath the city of Malta. Some people say there's more
Some people say there's a lot more some people say that you go through some people say that the moon is made of cheese
So some people say it's kind of useless
But anyways, some people say you can go down to the third chamber and then there's this little like walkway
That's like super tiny and you crawl through there and it opens to even lower portions of the city
There's this old Freudian thing that people who like to be underground really want to crawl back into their mom's womb
So like people who fantasize about building bunkers underground and stuff like that
You really just want to crawl back inside of their mom
So I don't know what I personally don't believe that but there are psychiatrists who if you said I'd really want to go to Malta
Really want to walk around underneath the city of Malta for nine months. The psychiatrist is like hmm. Tell me more
Apparently your psychiatrist is curming the frog the rainbow connection. So
Anyways, also that says people who want to build like doomsday bunkers
Does that mean like the entire US military living in that mountain where we keep the Stargate?
They all want to crawl back into their mom's. I don't know. I think a lot of times psychiatrists just make stuff up
And then other psychiatrists go. Oh, yeah, it's a great idea
Let's let's also say that ridiculous thing
But anyway, so apparently back in time everyone wanted to be back inside mom and
They built this giant city underneath Malta or it was a survival mechanism because the city kept getting raided or they wanted to move old-timey drugs
I wonder what old old I wonder what like Romans did for cocaine
That all that stuff from South America, but I don't believe I don't think that Europe was like totally sober
Like sure they drink like ale and mead, but you know there was like what was the old-timey equivalent of meth?
Because it was this is hear me out here for a second. You're like Jason don't go on these rants
Tell me about the the ghost of Malta. I will in a second. So if
Humanity never did methamphetamines or cocaine for 10,000 years or 100,000 years. We are cavemen
We were bashing in the enderthal skulls. We take over the planet. We start building societies
We're drinking a little ale on the side a little mead and then all of a sudden
I just answered my own question, but I'm gonna go ahead and go on with this narrative all of a sudden in the year 1927
People start doing methamphetamines. It should completely destroy it could should have completely destroyed people is this new thing
It was totally different than what had happened before
And I as I was explaining that to myself as I was thinking out loud
I realized that actually did happen. I thought about doing an episode on this
That's what happened with gin. That's what happened with gin. You had society drinking alcohol
But it was I mean it was strong
but it was like cider or
Ale or mead stuff like that Conan's like kicking back casks of it and then going out and just smash and serpent dudes in half
But then when gin when this super strong cheap liquor infiltrated Europe it completely destroyed
economies and towns and stuff like that. I read this big article on
Gin recently and though I guess this has become a gin episode, but it's just gone off memory
I don't remember what the article was you basically the gin became such a problem that it was considered like the woman's disease or the
The drink of wasting mothers because women would get so drunk on gin
They would pass out and their babies would roll off their boobs like they're trying to breastfeed their baby and the baby would roll away
Kids would just be wandering the street the parents were just completely lousy the whole time and the government wasn't doing anything about it
You had these huge gin companies that weren't letting the government like regulate them and eventually got to the point where it became so it
Reversed it became so like black market gin did
That you had to go down a street corner
You had to like go down a dark alley and there would be a hole in the wall and you would give someone like a copper coin
Or whatever their pincis over there and then a ladle would come out with gin
And you would put it in a cup and then walk down the street because originally was just something you go to the bar and
Just just drink and it was super disgusting. I hate gin
But they didn't think it was super disgusting that was me editorializing but you could go to the bar you could drink it
It was called mother's ruin. That was this nickname for gin
completely devastating England society and then
It became this huge thing where you started regulating it and gin producing companies were getting shut down and
Bars were getting shut down if they sold gin you couldn't sell gin anymore
But that's what people were addicted to so you're having to drink it out of a dirty ladle in a street alley
And now you can go to the you know
Gas station or not gas station now you can go to a corner liquor store and get leaders of it and it's disgusting
It's gross. It's made out of juniper berries, but actually that answers the question if you have a
Society and then all of a sudden you introduce a new cheap drug and it's not reigned in right in the beginning
It will destroy the society either. I don't want to keep going off on rants
But I just saw a documentary about how meth fueled Nazi Germany
There's crosstops are being given out to men and women here take these
They'll keep your pep going and then Hitler was all junked up all the whole time
Anyways, there's nothing to do with where we're going
but I do wonder if there was an equivalent of old-timey like hardcore drugs in
Roman era and Greek era that were not just like the oracles were doing it and tripping out and seeing you know
Leonidas killing a bunch of Persians like something that was more easily accessible for the common person
But it's just lost the history nothing to do with what we're talking about. We're in the city of Malta now, okay?
And I just went on that huge rant as we're walking around a dark cave
So apparently in these caves in Malta. I tell you this part of the story after I already tricked you to coming down here
I got you drunk on gin. You're like
Baby babies are falling off of you. You're like I didn't even know I was a mother
There's a bunch of babies are rolling around in the dirt in front of you. I'm like pick those babies up
Let's keep going apparently the story is this back in
Malta there was 30 kids and their teachers. They went on a field trip now. They weren't from Iowa
They're like, okay kids field trip. We're going to Malta
They were already in Malta and the field trip was to go into the tunnels underneath the city
Tell me this doesn't sound like an urban legend
30 kids and their teachers go under a sea or a set of four jokes 30 kids and their teachers
Go into underground vault and Malta and they're never found
They go missing like a couple hours later when they're supposed to come back
No one could find them they start sending search parties for them
Can't find them and for days afterwards mothers throughout the city could hear their kids crying
Apparently they're falling down they're falling down huge gaps
But mothers were saying I can hear Bobby I can hear Bobby
In this tunnel down here in the cops are like we're looking for a man. We're looking for him, but there's no Bobby
There's no 29 other kids in there either and he's falling down a cliff apparently as well either
So the idea is that this happened now
Obviously that sounds incredibly stupid and that's why I get making jokes about kids falling down cliffs
because
The idea of 30 kids and two teachers going it's not like they were in the tunnels in
What was that dude like in the Philippines?
Remember recently those kids got trapped that tunnel is though they were filling up with water
We found them and they were we didn't have any idea where these guys were they even they had an idea that they entered in
To a cave, but even that was kind of spotty. I guess they knew that otherwise they wouldn't have checked caves
They weren't looking up trees the whole time, but this place wasn't filling full of water is just a
Not super well explored thing
But the idea of 30 kids and their teachers just wandering into the tunnels and getting lost and then not being found no bones
Nothing yet. You could hear the kids crying late at night. I mean you would just go hey stay there and I'm gonna dig down
Problem solved so it sounds ridiculous
however, this story was
supposedly
Published in the 1940 issue in a 1940 issue of National Geographic magazine
and
What's weird is that the people?
Who dispute this story who goes there's nothing wrong?
There's nothing spooky about the tunnels of Malta don't dispute the fact that it was published in National Geographic
They say yes
The story was published there what they dispute is
The fact that it's true they go yes National Geographic did publish this article
However, we believe they publish it as a cautionary tale to make it so kids don't get lost in these tunnels
Since when is National Geographic posted fake news?
They've never run a story watch out kids boogeyman on the loose in the cover is this holographic
Holographic boogeyman coming at you boogeyman spotted in your hometown
Ask your parents for more details come home before the street lights come on kids boogeyman, you know like they don't do that
They don't post fake stuff to scare kids so they don't dispute that the article is real
They just think that it can't be real just like how I assume they can't be real
So if the National Geographic published it then there must have been another reason
But here's the thing as much as I was joking about kids falling off cliffs and poking holes in the story
The fact that National Geographic did cover it makes it sound more legit
It doesn't make sense as logically as a story, but a major magazine
It's been around for over a hundred years that focuses on
Stuff around the world publish the story about it. So that's all in the show notes
You can see the article yourself
There's another component of the story before the kids went missing apparently there now this one is far more
The lineage of this story is far more ridiculous. There's a woman a journalist named Laurie Jessup
Oppositely, I mean, I don't know if this is a legit person or a pseudonym or whatever
But anyways, so we have the first story was told by National Geographic magazine
This one is told by Riley Krabs Riley Krabs borderland science magazine. So I mean like that is not a legitimate
Invite any measure right? I'm sure it's a lovely magazine
I'm sure it has a lot of great articles in it, but it's not where I'm going to get my historical information
Laurie Jessup apparently writes for Riley Krabs borderland science magazine. She goes underground. She this story is absolutely ridiculous
She goes underground
She's pestering a tour guide. She has her little press cap on she's like come on guide
Why don't you give me one of your private tours wink wink and he thinks she's coming on and she's like no
I'm not that kind of broad not that kind of broad. I want to know the real scoop. I want to know the straight dope
I want to know what's really in these tunnels and he's like dude, please you're the most irritating
Journalist stereotype ever and she's like what do you say? What do you say? So he finally says yes, please go away
I will allow you to go through this passage that I don't normally let people go through
so she goes through this passage and
Apparently a couple other people come with her now. This is 1940 so don't have flashlights. This is like old-timey stuff
Apparently she's carrying a candle. I don't believe that. I don't believe that at all
I've never seen a human carry a candle
You know why because you get hot wax over you and you're like Jason now you're just splitting hairs
Maybe she had some sort of candle holder fine. She's walking with now. She all of a sudden has a candle abra
Underground she's walking through fan with the opera style
She goes into the secret passage which people aren't supposed to be in and she comes to the edge of a cliff
The cliff supposedly is bottomless that's detail number two that's utterly ridiculous
But it could just be ten feet deep and it's super dark candle. A lover doesn't reach down there
She stands up and she sees this huge gap and on the other side of the gap is this doorway and
Then these giant white haired creatures
Walk out of the darkness, but they're on the other side of the doorway
Oh and just then her candle goes out. She's in pitch darkness and she feels something wet
Walk by her
Just imagine getting covered in slime and gack
Just slide by you and that panics her obviously and she runs
And she goes to run back into her tour group and at that point other people are trying to follow out
She's like get out of the way losers get out of the way white haired monsters right behind me
She gets back there
And she goes she gets with the tour group and everyone else comes back
She doesn't warn them there's a bottomless cliff there
But none of them fall off and she's catching her breath and the tour guide
Apparently looks at her and in her words gives her a knowing look
Like I told you so you stupid idiot, but you are annoying me
So I let you go all those words were conveyed with just a simple nod and
Then eventually she leaves the tunnels and then she said she wanted to go back again next week
She was scared the first time but she wanted to know more about the bottomless pit
She wanted to know more about the white haired creatures the wet monster that slid past her and the mysterious force
No one as wind that blew her candle out. She needed to know all of these things
She goes back into the tunnel the door. She went through is
Blocked up now and when she started asking other tour guides
Hey, we're so-and-so he was working here last week and we were doing on this tour and everyone goes
Why that tour guide has never worked here before?
Ever
Now people believe that story by the way that story is completely stupid
But I think it's funny because here we have two contrasting stories one story is reported in National Geographic
It's very very it's maybe two paragraphs long basic information kids go missing
No one can find them parents here the kids crying at night. It's spooky
It may be true, but it just seems very unlikely
You think if it was true there would be more new sources covering it
Unless it was something the city was trying to cover up this now you can no longer walk freely
We know that as a fact used to be you could kind of walk freely under the city of Malta
You can't do that anymore and I think that changed around the late 1940s
So that is not you can't go down there walk around so something probably did happen
But it could just miss a 30 kids sprained their ankle one day or over the course of 30 days
Who knows but anyways so you have that incident happen and then you have this
Story that involves yeti underground societies bottomless pits wet slime monsters a tour guide who never existed
all this ridiculous details and
Both every time you look at the story of the Malta tunnels both of these stories are connected
Well, you know like you'll read the first one and you'll be like oh that is kind of interesting
Why would National Geographic report that and then they go wink wink nudge nudge if you think that one was a good
Look at this one. It stars the story of Laurie Jessup. It's Laurie Jessup's great granddaughter
Literally nudging you with her press cap on read all about it read all about my great grandma story like knock it off, dude
so
One is super like is totally dialed into what people all the conspiracy paranormal dudes believe in
with the hidden societies and
Magic controlling the wind and all sorts of Pocahontas nonsense and then you have a story that's actually realistic
But there's so few details on it
Who knows it could be true. It could be not true. It's the battle of National Geographic versus Riley crabs borderland science magazine
And in true conspiracy theory paranormal fashion Riley crab the Riley crab crowd
Usually wins out the story of a ghost like last episode. I'll talk about this last episode was about Haditha damn the story about ghosts a ghost in
Haditha damn that's fine
That's a scary ghost story that US soldiers tell each other so they can you know poop their pants
But then someone added in the four horsemen of the apocalypse are trapped underneath it
And it's this huge demonic conspiracy monster man stuff going on underneath his damn one is at least a slightly realistic ghost in a dam
And then the other one is just
Fantasy nonsense. I mean whether or not the four horsemen exist. I
Don't know but I don't think that they're trapped underneath the hydroelectric dam in Iraq if they do exist
Which I'm sure they exist in some form
But again, I'm not gonna get in all that so well, I guess I could because it is a paranormal podcast
But really I want to talk about
fat extractors and I'm running out of time so guys
suck your tummies in
But it won't help it won't help you'll still look nice and juicy to those fat extractors
So when I use the term fat extractor, that's a term. Those are two English words that are put together fat extractor
It's not its own thing, right? If I said, oh, I'm a fat seller. I sell human fat you'd be disgusted and
You would make sure you weren't eating twinkies around me
But you'd go oh now if I'm saying those words in other languages if I said candle maker in French
It would be like handle maker, right? It would be another word for candle maker
You could travel around the world
I've learned this this week and you could travel around the world and you'll find all sorts of combinations for words
You can go to other countries and English the word automobile may take two or three words to say in another language
Spain has such a problem with people sucking the fat out of other people
They have their own terminology for it. They're called saca miss. It's close enough to my own old hometown
Which is kind of creepy sac
saca mentecas
which means fat extractor or
Mantequero which is a fat sellers because you have to distinguish those two some people just love to pull the greasy fat out of you
Other people are capitalists about it. They want to take that fat and turn it into stuff
You can actually get jars like apocrythary apocrythary jars
Now you can get apocrythary jars here
You can get them with the same mints on them or or homeopathic
Consens or stuff that doesn't work. Just put it on your put it on your mantle with along with all of your homeopathic garbage
These ones say
oxungia honinis which means human fat
So you could go to apocrythary in Spain in the 1700s and you'd be like I need some mint and I need some
That that Jason can't think of a word for and then it's just a jar that says Jason can't think of a word for and then I'll take two scoops of human fat
Spain has such a problem with human fat that there are multiple stories
Regarding people killing people just to take the fat out so many stories
We're gonna have to cover them over three episodes. This is the first collection. This is gonna wet your appetite for
Some sweet sweet human fat. It's the late
1900s
We're falling back we're falling back through a time portal
Luckily, we're going to Spain. So half the landscape is human fat. We hit the ground
Fight in our way out of the fat the gooey human greasy yellow fat
Sorry if you happen to be eating chicken during this segment eating it you're just got your rotisserie chicken
You're all are taking a huge bite. I know a guy
So I used to work at Best Buy in Sacramento and right across the way there was a burger king restaurant
And I've always loved working at I love working retail
But I've always specifically loved working retail where there was restaurants nearby because then you never really had to leave anywhere for eight hours
Like the restaurant. So I was like, oh sweet Burger King
I'm gonna walk from Best Buy Go Burger King and I remember when I started there
Because I was one of the first to like this story just opened up like a month before I got certain
At that time too. I was actually the fastest promoted
member like fastest promoted employee in Best Buy history
I went from cashier to manager like in a month or maybe like a month and a half
I remember there like no one's ever been promoted this quickly. But anyways, there's another new story
Bragging about working at Best Buy. I ended up I'd go to Burger King all the time
And I remember asking my boss I go, hey, do you ever go to Burger King? He goes never again
Never again. What why he goes he went this very first day working at that Best Buy
He walked over to the Burger King. He got a grilled chicken
He got a grilled chicken sandwich and he takes a bite out of it and he goes, ah
This teeth bite, you know how human mouths work his teeth bite into the sandwich
And then what you normally do is you move the sandwich away from your mouth and go on
And you eat it you bring it to your mouth
Take a bite then then you pull the sandwich away from your mouth and then you chew the peas
It's a weird human thing. You don't keep the burger right next to your mouth and go
You take a bite and then you drop your hands he said I take a bite of the sandwich
And then he goes as I pulled the sandwich away from mouth there was a
There was a vein
Coming from his mouth from the bite he had taken and the vein was this gooey stretchy thing and he as he moved the sandwich away
The vein kept stretching longer and longer and he's just looking at this thick red
vein coming from his mouth disappearing into the meat of the chicken of the sandwich and he
He said he would never he threw it away and he said he would never eat a Burger King ever again
I thought that was a funny story, but anyways, so this dude work work
We're in fat land aka Spain. There's this guy named Juan Diaz de Guerreo
He was killing prostitutes. He's actually considered one of Spain's earliest serial killers
If not their first one of the first recorded serial killers in Spain now
He started off he would walk down the street and he would see like an old woman not an old woman
Sorry, he would see a poor woman difference
You can be poor and young or poor and old but you can't be old and young
He'd see a young woman who was poor and being like hey you want to make some money
And she'd be like yes, I would so they would go down an alley and they would bang and then he would go
Here's three reals, which is their currency over there
And she goes that's not enough and he'd go fine and he goes here's four and she goes
That's not enough and then he would choke her to death
He'd kill it and then that went on for a couple years
He kept finding these young women and he would go hey you look kind of down in your luck
She's like yeah, it's been a real kind of crappy crappy year of luckily
I still have all this sweet sweet human fat in my body and he's like that's an odd comment to make
She's like it is he goes hey you want to have some sex for money
And she goes yeah sure and then he would offer her three bucks or three reels and she would say no
Then he'd offer her four and she'd say no and then he strangle her
It was this weird thing that he did and
He's he was fairly successful at this for a long time people kept finding these bodies around town and they weren't
Clueing on they weren't like figuring out who this dude was then he just started attacking random people
This young girl walks by and he's like hey
Knock knocks her on the head no lead up no sex for money nothing
Drowns that he's drowning women. He's choking him out. I thought one of the saddest ones was
This was actually one of his last ones
He was out in the middle of the country because people were starting to get suspicious
He's out in the middle of a country sleeping on her bridge. His young woman's coming back from like a fair and
He's like oh where you been he's like she's like oh
I was just from the town fair and look at about this bread and this wine and yeah, you know just kind of having fun
He's like oh, that's cool, and then he
Beat beat the crap out of her and ripped her intestines out and then sat and drank her wine and ate her bread
I've always thought you know and I've covered that type of thing before not the girl again her intestines ripped out
but that
normalcy thing where
There was the one of the zodiac killers victims with some guy coming home
He worked at a Coca-Cola factory for like 30 years
His favorite thing was he every day he got like a bottle of coke and his favorite thing was grabbing his you know
Hey by Harold. I don't remember his name, but yeah
See you guys later
He grabbed his bottle of coke and he'd walk home and he'd sit and he'd watch TV and drink his coke like that was his thing and
zodiac killer blues brains out and
That's such a normal thing. It's the same thing with her you have this woman who goes out
She's looking the whole week to go to this fair. She goes to the fair. She buys her bread and she her wine
And she's so happy she's coming back through the countryside
It's a beautiful Spanish day and some dude rips her intestines out and then eats her food like that is such a bizarre
It's the normalcy of it is what is striking
To me though those stories are always more chilling. Yes, obviously killing prostitutes is just as wrong
I'm not saying that I'm not saying this woman may have been a prostitute. I don't know
I'm not saying but I'm saying like the idea of
There's there's just routine things we do that you go to the store you get you're like, you know
I can't wait I can't wait to go to the store get my chili beans and rice
I'm gonna come home. I'm gonna watch a new episode of the Mandalorian and I'm gonna go to bed
Or maybe I'll stay up late and play video games
And while you're thinking about that some dude comes out of the darkness and puts a box cutter through your neck that to me is is
terrifying
That the normalcy being interrupted by violence is terrifying now
This guide meant and I get to get back to the actual narrative of the story not try to ruin your day and to scare you the
Narrow the reason why the his modus operandi changed now
He'd been drowning women that he he killed dozens of women and he was they don't really even know the full amount of women
He killed but it first he was just drowning them and choking them because that was his most effect
His first murder was drowning this woman
He took her to the river to have sex with her and then drowned her the
reason why he ripped this woman's guts out because at this point when the police place are starting to figure out there's a serial killer in the area
People are super panicked at this point because there's been tons of bodies found nobody seems to know this person is people believed
He was a sacramentucka. He was a fat extractor. This was a boogeyman that existed in
Spain the story of somebody that a monster really who prays on the populace
to eat their fat or to turn their fat into medicine or
To turn their fat into soap
But Spain had a weird
Fascination with human fat to the to the point that they had a boogeyman that specifically worked on
Eating consuming murdering just for fat. So the rumor was that whoever is killing these women is
A sacramentucka even though that this serial killer had not been taking their fat out people were people did not know
Why someone would be murdering so many women?
so one had not disemboweled anybody but
This time he did he ripped her guts out specifically to make the people think
That there was a mythical creature on the loose now while these crimes are going on these murders last that I think it was about two or three years
Other people begin because this guy wasn't getting caught you had three other people begin murdering women in the same area
Because if this guy's not getting caught I'm gonna do it too
They all got caught one eventually got caught as well and he got sentenced to death and he was executed
But you had three other people inspired by these crimes who killed like one person and got caught and one of those guys
Ripped the woman's guts out as well
So you the society was in a panic now again if you had a town where people if in
Detroit you had four people murdered and they were disemboweled people in Detroit aren't gonna be like they're eating their fat
Don't use soap because the soap might be human fat, but Spain has such a weird issue with human fat extractors and
Drinking human fat and turning into medicine. They have crime after crime after crime where this is a thing and
That's going to be a teaser
For our next two episodes because I could not there's so much fat for this story. I couldn't fit it all in one episode
Tomorrow's episode. We are going to tell the story of a man who was also considered a sacramentekka and
a werewolf and
Then the episode after that for a three-part fat eater episode
We are going to explain how the idea of fat extractors
Left Spain and move to the new world to the point that even today
People in South America believe that the Spaniards continue to kill the indigenous people
simply to eat their fat
What is Spain's bizarre connection with human fat?
We will explore those issues and more greasy goodness on the next episode of Dead Rabbit Radio
Dead rabbit radio at gmail.com is going to be your email address
You can also hit us up at facebook.com/dead rabbit radio Twitter is @dead rabbit radio
Dead rabbit radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listen to it today. Have a great one guys
You
(upbeat music)